Internal test: manage up to 100 testers

You can create a list of internal testers by email address. An internal test can have up to 100 testers per app.

When setting up an internal test, keep the following in mind:

    Country distribution: You can add users from any location to your internal test. If an internal tester is located in a country where your app's production, alpha, or beta version isn't available, the user will still receive the internal test APK.
    Payment: For paid apps, testers can install your internal test version for free. Testers need to pay for in-app purchases, unless they're also added to a license testers list.
    Device exclusion rules: Device exclusion rules don't apply to internal testers.
    Policy and security reviews: Internal tests may not be subject to the usual Play policy or security reviews.

Start an internal test

 Create testers list

If you've already created your testers list, skip to the "add testers" instructions.

    Sign in to your Play Console.
    On the left menu, select Settings Settings gear > Manage testers > Create list.
    Type a name to identify your list of testers.
    Add email addresses separated by commas or click Upload CSV. If you use a .CSV file, put each email address on its own line without any commas. If you upload a .CSV file, it will overwrite any email addresses you've added.
    Click Create list.

Add testers

    Sign in to your Play Console.
    Select an app.
    On the left menu, select Release management > App releases.
    Next to the internal test track, select Manage internal test.
    Expand the "Manage testers" section. If the "Manage testers" section is empty, make sure you've uploaded an APK to the internal test track.
    Next to "Choose a testing method," select Internal test.
    In the "Users" section, check the box next to list you want to use.
    Copy the "Opt-in URL" to share with your testers.
		https://play.google.com/apps/internaltest/4700511024486688809
    Next to "Feedback channel," add an email address or URL to collect feedback from testers. Your app's feedback channel will be shown to users on your tester opt-in page.
    Click Save.
